docker image update (#4480)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/whats-new-overview.md

---
title: Azure CLI release highlights | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn what's new in the Azure CLI. Read about new features and upcoming changes. Check here for announcements.
author: dbradish-microsoft
ms.author: dbradish
ms.date: 08/01/2024
ms.topic: concept-article
ms.service: azure-cli
ms.custom: devx-track-azurecli
keywords: Azure CLI, new articles, new references, new samples, announcements
#customer intent: As an Azure CLI developer, I want an easy way to see product change highlights and upcoming breaking change announcements.
---

# Azure CLI release highlights

This page highlights new features and upcoming changes for the Azure CLI.

## Docker container image

> Beginning with Azure CLI version 2.67.0, to be released on November 21, 2024, the Docker container for the Azure CLI will be based on Azure Linux, formerly known as [CBL-Mariner](https://mcr.microsoft.com/en-us/product/cbl-mariner/base/core/about). When running the Azure CLI in a Docker container, always use a tag, like `cbl-mariner2.0` and do not rely on `latest`.

Reviewer: Do we need to explicitly tell the customers that the latest tag, which was based on Alpine, will be changed to Azure Linux?

Reviewer: In my opinion, if the user only runs the `az` command, the `latest` tag is sufficient. However, if they need to run platform-dependent commands, a specific tag is required.

Reviewer 2: We need to be clear with customers about the change since any dependencies they have on the image could break,

Author: @dcaro and @bebound, This conversation looks resolved so I am marking it as such.

> Beginning with Azure CLI version 2.67.0, to be released on November 21, 2024, the Docker container for the Azure CLI will be based on Azure Linux, formerly known as [CBL-Mariner](https://mcr.microsoft.com/en-us/product/cbl-mariner/base/core/about). When running the Azure CLI in a Docker container, always use a tag, like `cbl-mariner2.0` and do not rely on `latest`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Beginning with Azure CLI version 2.67.0, to be released on November 19, 2024, the default Docker container image for Azure CLI will be based on Azure Linux. To avoid any disruptions, review and update any dependencies you may have on the default Docker container image for Azure CLI.
```
